change worker_saturation default value to 1.1 in the document (#8040)
dask/distributed: docs/source/scheduling-state.rst

    dereferenced from the scheduler.

.. note::

>     Setting ``distributed.scheduler.worker_saturation`` config value to ``1.0``
>     (default) will queue excess root tasks on the scheduler in the ``queued`` state. 

Reviewer: Please note that the default is `1.1`, not `1.0`. We should also mention that this behavior is valid for any finite value, not just the default. For example:

```suggestion
    Setting ``distributed.scheduler.worker_saturation`` config value to ``1.1``
    (default) or any other finite value will queue excess root tasks on the scheduler in the ``queued`` state. 
```

Author: I've changed it like what you suggested. Please tell me if there is anything else that I should do.

    dereferenced from the scheduler.

.. note::

>     When the ``distributed.scheduler.worker_saturation`` config value is set to ``inf``

Reviewer 2: The documentation itself is still correct, the only thing that changed is the default. If this value is set to `inf`, there is no intermediate state, etc.

However, we changed this and the default is now 1.1 (see section below).

It likely makes sense to rearrange these paragraphs to first talk about a finite value which is the default and then talk about the non-default `inf` value

Author: I have moved the paragraph as you suggested.
